RFC 216: webtransport_h3_cert_hash_test_server (#216)
web-platform-tests/rfcs: rfcs/webtransport_h3_cert_hash_test_server.md

> # RFC 215: WebTransport over HTTP/3 Test Server that uses a self-signed certificate for authentification wit serverCertificateHashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# RFC 216: WebTransport over HTTP/3 Test Server that uses a self-signed certificate for authentication wit serverCertificateHashes
```
